# List of events

## Server
server_create -- done
server_delete -- done
server_update -- done
channel_create -- done
channel_delete -- done
channel_pins_update -- done
channel_update -- done
emoji_create -- done
emoji_delete -- done
emoji_update -- done
event_create -- done
event_delete -- done
event_update -- delayed
invite_create -- done
invite_delete -- done
role_create -- done
role_delete -- done
role_update -- done
sticker_create -- done
sticker_delete -- done
sticker_update -- done
thread_create -- done
thread_delete -- done
thread_update -- done

## Member
member_banned -- done
member_unbanned -- done
member_join -- done
member_leave -- done
member_update -- done

## Message
message_delete -- done
message_update -- done
message_bulk_delete -- done